The list of description of all abonormality cards that are used by Librarians and Guests:

Malkuth:
    Ashes (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Scorched Girl":
        When hit, inflict 1-3 Burn to the attacker, and gain a buff at a 40% chance next Scene: ‘Offensive dice inflict 1 Burn on hit’ (Does not stack).
    Ashes (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Scorched Girl":
        When hit and lose 2% of Max HP or above, inflict 0-2 Burn to the attacker.
    Footfalls, (Librarian), Breakdown Level 2, From "Scorched Girl":
        hen a librarian's HP is at 20% or lower, deal 30% of Max HP to all enermies as damage (Max. 36) then die.
    Footfalls, (Guest), Breakdown Level 2, From "Scorched Girl":
        When hit and lose 25% of Max HP or above, return the same amount to the attacker as Physical damage.
        At the start of each Scene, gain 3 Bind.
    Matchlight, (Librarian), Breakdown Level 1, From "Scorched Girl":
        The first two Combat pages the librarian uses after this Abnormality page is selected gain the 'Matchlight' status (Excludes [On Play] pages). 
        Whenever the librarian uses a page with 'Matchlight', gain 1 'Ember'.
        Pages with 'Matchlight' become stronger based on the amount of Ember; however, they have a 25% chance to damage the user if Ember is at 4 or higher.
    Matchlight, (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Scorched Girl":
        At the start of each Scene, lose 3-8% of Max HP. On hit, inflict 2-5 Burn
    Nostalgic Embrace of the Old Days (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Happy Teddy Bear":
        Upon winning a clash, deal bonus Stagger damage equal to the dice value at a 20% chance.
        Clashing against the same target multiple times will increase the likelihood by 10%. 
        Likelihood will be reset when clash with other target.
    Nostalgic Embrace of the Old Days (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Happy Teddy Bear":
        Upon winning a clash, deal bonus Stagger damage equal to the dice value at a 40% chance.
    Happy Memories (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Happy Teddy Bear":
        The Combat page with the highest Cost in hand is chosen (Excludes [On Play] pages). 
        Using pages with the same name will decrease the Cost of every copy of that page the character currently owns by 1.
    Happy Memories (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Happy Teddy Bear":
        On parry, inflict 1 memory to target. At the end of each Scene, All Memory lose 1 stack of itself.
        All dices increase power by the amount of Memory on traget in a clash.
    Display of Affection, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Happy Teddy Bear":
        All dice gain 1-3 Power in a clash.
        All dice lose 1-3 Power in a one-sided attack.
    The Fairies’ Care, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Fairy Festival":
        For three Scenes, recover 20% of Max HP (Max. 24) at the end of the Scene.
        If the librarian lose 25% of Max HP (Max. 30) or above while this effect is active, lose 25% of the current HP (Max. 30) and lose this effect.
    Gluttony, Awakening, Level 2, From "Fairy Festival":
        When attacking a target who already took damage on the same Scene, deal 1-3 additional damage and recover 2-5 HP on hit.
    Predation, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Fairy Festival":
        Heal 50% of the amount of damage dealt. In each Scene heal at most 20% of Max HP (Max. 24).
        If fail to heal 10% of Max HP (Max. 12), lose 10% of Max HP (Max. 12) and increase damage by 30% in this Scene.
    Spores (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "Queen Bee":
        When hit, inflict 1-3 Burn and 1-3 Bleed to the attacker next Scene.
    Spores (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Queen Bee":
        When hit and lose 2% of Max HP or above, inflict attacker 0-2 Burn and 0-2 Bleed Next Scene.
    Worker Bee (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Queen Bee":
        Combat Start the first enemy the selected librarian target at is marked. Other allies deal 2-4 more damage to the marked foe with attacks.
        All Dice of the selected librarian lose 1 Power.
    Worker Bee (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Queen Bee":
        The enemy who dealt the most damage to the selected guest is marked. Other allies deal 2-4 more damage to the marked foe with attacks.
    Loyalty, Breakdown, Level 3, From "Queen Bee":
        As long as there are other alive allies, Cannot act and at the start of each Scene give other allies 2 Strength, Endurance, Haste.
    Vines (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "Snow White’s Apple":
        For the rest of the Act, inflict 6 Bind to a random enemy at the start of the Scene.
        Pierce dice gain 1-2 Power when attacking that enemy.
    Vines (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Snow White’s Apple":
        Inflict 6 Bind to a random enemy at the start of the Scene and prioritize attacking that enemy.
        Dice gain 1-2 Power when attacking that enemy.
    Barrier of Thorns (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "Snow White’s Apple":
        When hit, inflict 2-8 damage and recover HP equal to the amount of damage.
        Increase damage by 20% everytime the effect is applied to same attacker in one Scene.
    Barrier of Thorns (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "Snow White’s Apple": 
        When hit and lose 1% of Max HP or above, inflict 2-8 damage and recover HP equal to the amount of damage.
        Increase damage by 20% everytime the effect is applied to same attacker in one Scene.
    Malice, Awakening, Level 3, From "Snow White’s Apple": 
        At the end of each Scene, inflict the enemy who dealt the most damage to self 1 Malice (At the start of each Scene, gain 1 Bind per stack)
        Combat Start play a Mass Attack Card ‘Roll Range: 3~6;Boost dice's max value by the sum of Bind stack all enemies have.’, targeting all enemy who has Bind.

Yesod:
    Chained Wrath (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Forsaken Murderer":
        Blunt dice gain 1-3 Power. Speed is fixed at 1.
    Chained Wrath (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Forsaken Murderer":
        Offensive dice gain 1-2 Power. Speed is fixed at 1.
    Metallic Ringing (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Forsaken Murderer":
        Upon successful Blunt attack, reduce Physical and Stagger damage of enemy's next Offensive dice by 50%.
    Metallic Ringing (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Forsaken Murderer":
        Upon successful attack, reduce Physical and Stagger damage of enemy's next Offensive dice by 25%.
    Violence, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Forsaken Murderer":
        Lower the minimum value of all dice by 1, and raise the maximum value by 3.
    Recharge (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "All-Around Helper":
        If the librarian/guest has maximum Light at the start of a Scene, gain 1-2 Haste, and deal an additional 2-7 damage with attacks for that Scene.
    Repetitive Pattern-Recognition, Awakening, Level 1, From "All-Around Helper":
        After every three clash wins, restore 1 Light and gain 1-2 Haste next Scene.
    Clean, Awakening, Level 2, From "All-Around Helper":
        Offensive dice gain 1-2 Power against enemies with slower Speed.
    Music, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Singing Machine":
        Deal 3-5 additional damage with attacks this Act. Suffer 3-5 additional Stagger damage upon taking a hit.
    Rhythm, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Singing Machine":
        For the duration of the battle, gain 1 Rhythm at the start of each Scene. 
        Upon 3 successful hit by character with Rhythm, a random character gains 1 Rhythm next Scene.
        (Rhythm: Gain 1 Strength per stack, lasts 1 Scene)
    Musical Addictio, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Singing Machine":
        Offensive dice gain 1-3 Power.Defensive dice lose 1-3 Power.
    Eternal Rest, Awakening, Level 2, From "The Funeral of the Dead Butterflies":
        Deal 0-7 additional damage according to ratio of enemy's lost HP. 
    Lament, Awakening, Level 2, From "The Funeral of the Dead Butterflies":
        Deal 0-7 additional Stagger damage according to ratio of enemy's lost Stagger Resist.
    Coffin, Awakening, Level 3, From "The Funeral of the Dead Butterflies":
        On a successful attack increase enemy's Coffin progress according to ratio of that enemy lost HP (0-50%)
        When Coffin progress reach 100%, one Speed die of the enemy is sealed for one Scene.
    Request, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Der Freischütz":
        Add a 'Request' page to the hand: 
        ‘Cost 0 - [Mass Attack; Individual] Roll Range: 7~11; Spend 25% Max Stagger Resist to use; target all characters.’
    The Seventh Bullet, Breakdown, Level 3, From "Der Freischütz":
        Each time the librarian/guest uses a page gain one Magic Bullet (Increase damage by 1 per stack.Increase Power by 1 per 2 stacks)
        The seventh page will be infused into A “magic bullet” targeting self.
    Dark Flame (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 3, From "Der Freischütz":
        For the duration of the reception, the 'Endured/Ineffective' resistances of all characters change to 'Weak/Fatal'.
        Gain 1-2 Haste and 2-4 Strength each Scene.
    Dark Flame (Guest), Breakdown, Level 3, From "Der Freischütz":
        For the duration of the Act, the 'Endured/Ineffective' resistances of all characters change to 'Weak/Fatal'.
        Gain 1-2 Strength and 2-4 Haste each Scene.

Hod:
    Today’s Expression, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Today’s Shy Look":
        Dice gain different amounts of Power depending on the current face. (Min. -2, Max. +2)
        Anger is fierce.
    Social Distancing, Awakening, Level 1, From "Today’s Shy Look":
        Block dice gain 1-2 Power.
        Deal 2-7 additional Stagger damage on a deflect.
    Shyness, Awakening, Level 2, From "Today’s Shy Look":
        When using a page, all Block dice on that page gain Power equal to the number of Defensive dice on the page.
    Glitter, Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Red Shoes":
        Gain Glittering Shoes. 
        (Offensive Dice gain 1-3 power and increase Speed by 1-2, increase Physical and Stagger Damage taken by 50%)
        On Killed attacker gain Glittering Shoes. If attacker absent random enemy gain Glittering Shoes.
    Obsession, Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Red Shoes":
        Mark random enemy as The Red Shoes. Can only attack The Red Shoes and inflict 3-8 damage upon hit.
        When kill The Red Shoes, mark another random enemy as such.
    Axe (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Red Shoes":
        Upon a successful Slash hit, inflict 1 Laceration next Scene.
        (Laceration: For the Scene, take 1 damage per stack every time rolls an Offensive die.)
    Axe (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Red Shoes":
        Upon a successful hit inflict 1 Laceration by 40% chance next Scene.
        (Laceration: For the Scene, take 1 damage per stack every time rolls an Offensive die.)
    Cocoon, Awakening, Level 1, From "Spider Bud":
        On hit, if the dice rolled maximum value: inflict 1-2 Paralysis, Bind, and Fragile.
    Meal, Awakening, Level 2, From "Spider Bud":
        On hit against a staggered enemy, all allies recover 3-7 HP.
    Alertness, Awakening, Level 2, From "Spider Bud":
        Enemies lose 1 Power in a clash against the selected Guest.
        Upon winning a clash, inflict 1 Bind and Fragile next Scene at a 50% chance.
    Surprise Gift, Awakening, Level 2, From "Laetitia":
        The first opponent to clash against the selected Guest gains the 'Giftee' status.
        If the 'Giftee' clashes against a character other than the Guest that gave the 'Gift', the 'Gift' explodes with a 50% chance, dealing 3-8 damage at the start of the clash and inflicting 2 Bleed next Scene.
        When the 'Giftee' dies, a new 'Gift' can be given.
    Funny Prank, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Laetitia":
        The first die of any Combat page the librarian plays will always roll either the maximum or minimum value.
        Take 2-7 damage if it rolled the minimum value.
    Friend (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Laetitia":
        At the start of the Scene, sneak a 'friend' into one of the Combat pages in hand. (Excludes [On Play] pages)
        Does not activate when there's already a page with a 'friend' in hand.
        The page with the 'friend' gains 2-4 Power.
        However, if the page is not used within 2 Scenes, it exhausts, dealing 2-7 damage to the librarian.
    Friend (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Laetitia":
        Sneak a 'friend' into one of the Combat pages in hand of all librarians per 2 Scene.
        The page with the 'friend' gains 1 Power.
        However, if the page is not used within 2 Scenes, discard it and draw 1 card, dealing 3-8 damage to the Guest.
    Gooey Waste, Breakdown, Level 3, From "Dream of a Black Swan":
        At start of each Scene, inflict self with 1 random status ailment (Burn, Bleed, Paralysis, Feeble, Disarm, Bind, or Fragile) 3 times.
        Upon successful hit, inflict all enemy with 1 random activated status ailment next Scene.
    Well-worn Parasol, Awakening, Level 3, From "Dream of a Black Swan":
        Gain 2 Counter die (Slash, 6-10; On Clash Win: inflict Physical and Stagger damage equal to Power of target's die to enemy) at combat start.
    Loving Family, Awakening, Level 3, From "Dream of a Black Swan":
        3 'Weaving Clothes' pages are shuffled into the deck.
        On use 'Weaving Clothes', draw 1 card and all allies gain 2 Nettle Clothes 
        (Reduce 1 Physical and Stagger damage taken per stack)

Netzach:
    Echoes from the Beyond (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Fragment of the Universe":
        Deal 5-10 Stagger damage to all enemies. All allies recover 5-10 Stagger Resist.
    Echoes from the Beyond (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Fragment of the Universe":
        On being one sided attacked, inflict 3-6 Stagger damage to attacker by 50% chance.
    Tentacles (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Fragment of the Universe":
        Upon successful Pierce hit, enemy lose 10% of Stagger Ressist.
    Tentacles (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Fragment of the Universe":
        Upon successful hit, enemy lose 10% of Stagger Ressist (Once per Scene for one enemy).
    Incomprehensible, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Fragment of the Universe":
        Upon succesful hit, inflict 1 Feeble and Disarm next Scene at 50% chance (Three times per Scene).
        Reduce Maximun Draw Card by 2.
    Teardrop, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Child of the Galaxy":
        Dice Power +1. On getting staggered, inflict Stagger damage equal to 35% of Max Stagger (Max. 20) to all character.
    A Token of Friendship, Awakening, Level 2, From "Child of the Galaxy":
        For 3 Scenes, recover 10% of Max HP for all allies at the start of the Scene. (Max. 12).
    Pebble, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Child of the Galaxy":
        At the start of each Scene, three random pages in hand gain the 'Pebble' status.
        Recover 3-7 HP upon using pages with the Pebble.
        Lose 1-3 HP upon using pages without the Pebble.
    Thorns (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Porccubus":
        On a successful Pierce attack, inflict 1 Thrill to the target.
        when Thrill's stack reach 4, deal 2-7 bonus damage and Stagger damage, then remove all stacks of Thrill.
    Thorns (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Porccubus":
        On a successful attack, inflict 1 Thrill to the target.
        when Thrill's stack reach 3, deal 3-7 bonus damage and Stagger damage, then remove all stacks of Thrill.
        (Resets upon attacking a different target.)
    Elation, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Porccubus":
        Dice Power +1. Reduce Max Stagger Resist by 50%.
    Laughing Powder, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Porccubus":
        When hit, recover 2-4 Stagger Resist if the character isn't staggered.
        Increase damage taken by 1-3.
    Flower Petals, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Alriune":
        At the start of the Scene, lose 25% Stagger Resist and other allies recover equal amount of Stagger Resist if have more than 50% of Max Stagger Resist.
    Autumn’s Passing (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "Alriune":
        Upon a successful Pierce attack, inflict 1-2 Aroma.
        (Aroma: At the start of the Scene, take Stagger damage equal to the amount of Aroma and reduce one third the stack.)
    Autumn’s Passing (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Alriune":
        Upon a successful attack, inflict 1 Aroma.
        (Aroma: At the start of the Scene, take Stagger damage equal to the amount of Aroma and reduce one third the stack.)
    Spring’s Genesis, Awakening, Level 3, From "Alriune":
        Each Scene, a 'Petal' attaches to a random enemy.
        After the character with the Petal takes 4 hits in a single Scene, all characters take 3-7 Stagger damage, and the librarian becomes untargetable for the next Scene.
    Ever-repeating Performance (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Silent Orchestra":
        Add an 'Ever-repeating Performance' page to the hand: 
        ‘Cost 3 - [On Use] Ends the Scene. At the start of the next Scene, user's HP and Stagger Resist return to the values they had when acquiring this page, and fully restore Light.’
        The page is also included in the deck at the start of subsequent Acts. 
    Ever-repeating Performance (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Silent Orchestra":
        At the end of the Scene, if HP is lower than 25% of Max HP, HP and Stagger Resist return to the values they had when acquiring this page, and fully restore Light.(Once per Act)
    Fervent Adoration (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Silent Orchestra":
        All enemies target random characters including their own allies for 2 Scenes. 
        Enemies deal 2-4 additional damage with attacks while this effect lasts.
    Fervent Adoration (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Silent Orchestra":
        Every 4 Scene, inflict Fervent Adoration to one random Controlable Librarian.
        (Fervent Adoration: Uncontrollable. Upon becoming Staggered, this status is removed, and the character recovers from Stagger next Scene;
        Only takes Stagger damage from sane librarians, increase Stagger Damage taken by 100%;
        Only takes physical damage from enemy, increase damage taken by 2-4.)
    The Finale, Awakening, Level 3, From "The Silent Orchestra":
        Whenever the selected Librarian/Guest Staggers an enemy, all enemies lose 3-4 Light at the start of the next Scene.

Tiphereth:
    Love (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Queen of Hatred":
        After winning a clash using an Offensive die, a random ally recovers 3-5 HP.
        After winning a clash using a Defensive die, a random ally recovers 2-4 Stagger Resist.
        The effect last for the duration of next Scene. Extend the effect by one Scene if 'The Villain' exist.
    Love (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Queen of Hatred":
        After winning a clash using an Offensive die, a random ally recovers 3-5 HP.
        After winning a clash using a Defensive die, a random ally recovers 2-4 Stagger Resist.
    Villain, Awakening, Level 1, From "The Queen of Hatred":
        The enemy who dealt the most damage to allies in the previous Scene is marked as a 'The Villain'.
        Deal 3-5 additional damage when attacking the 'The Villain'.
    Hate (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Queen of Hatred":
        Dice gain 1-3 Power. 
        If none of other allies take damage equal to 20% of Max HP or above in previous round, inflict 3-7 damage and 2-6 Stagger damage to all allies.
        If has 'Villain', mark Villain randomly.
    Hate (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Queen of Hatred":
        Dice gain 1-3 Power. 
        If none of other allies take damage equal to 20% of Max HP or above in previous round, inflict 3-7 damage and 2-6 Stagger damage to all allies.
    Justice (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Knight of Despair":
        At the start of each Scene, give Blessing to ally with lowest HP for 2 Scene.
        Character with Blessing take incoming damage and Stagger damage by 30%.
        For the duration of Blessing, the selected character gain 'Sword Sharpened with Tears' effect.
    Justice (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Knight of Despair":
        At the start of each Scene, give Blessing to ally with lowest HP.
        Character with Blessing take incoming damage and Stagger damage by 30% for the duration of the Scene.
    Sword Sharpened with Tears (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Knight of Despair":
        On parry, if all Offensive Dices successfully hit target, inflict damage equal to  10% of target's Max HP. 
        On parry, if fail to give an successful attack, take damage equal to 10% of Max HP.
        Immune to Stagger Damage when multiple 'Sword Sharpened with Tears' effect activated.
    Sword Sharpened with Tears (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Knight of Despair":
        On parry, if all Offensive Dices successfully hit target, inflict damage equal to  10% of target's Max HP. 
        On parry, if fail to give an successful attack, take damage equal to 10% of Max HP.
    Despair (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Knight of Despair":
        Whenever an ally dies, Gain 2-3 Strength and Damage Increase, and lose 25% of Max Stagger Resist.
        If multiple allies die in previous Scene, gain 'Sword Sharpened with Tears' effect.
    Despair (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Knight of Despair":
        Whenever an ally dies, Gain 2-3 Strength and Damage Increase, and lose 25% of Max Stagger Resist.
    Intemperance, Breakdown, Level 2, From "The King of Greed":
        If the first die of a Combat page wins a clash, all remaining dice on the opponent's page lose 2 Power at a 50% chance.
        If the first die of a Combat page lose a clash, all remaining dice on the self's page lose 2 Power at a 50% chance.
    Happiness (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "The King of Greed":
        Add 2 copy of 'Fragment of Bliss' to hand.
        On kill gain another copy of 'Fragment of Bliss' if has 'Intemperance'.
    Happiness (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "The King of Greed":
        Gain 1 random Buffs (Strength, Endurance, Haste) for every clash won in a Scene. (Up to 3 per Scene)
    Greed (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The King of Greed":
        In a clash, if the winner's dice roll is greater than the loser's by 4 or higher, the loser takes 3-7 bonus damage, and the winner recovers 2-5 HP. 
        (Both the librarian and their opponent can activate this effect)
        Make 'Intemperance' always trigger.
    Greed (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The King of Greed":
        In a clash, if the winner's dice roll is greater than the loser's by 4 or higher, the loser takes 3-7 bonus damage, and the winner recovers 2-5 HP. 
        (Both the librarian and their opponent can activate this effect).
    Wrath (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Servant of Wrath":
        The selected librarian enters a state of Wrath.
        The librarian will become uncontrollable and target random characters, including allies.
        Also, the librarian gains 2 Strength, restores 2 Light, and draws 2 more pages each Scene.
        Prioritize 'Companion' if 'Companion' exist.
    Wrath (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Servant of Wrath":
        Use Mass attack card 'EMBODIMENTS OF EVIL!!!' targeting all other characters every Scene.
    Companion, Awakening, Level 2, From "The Servant of Wrath":
        When there is no 'Companion' present, the first enemy the selected guest attacks is marked as a 'Companion'. 
        When the selected librarian/guest defeats the 'Companion', all librarian/guests restore 3 Light and recover 10 HP and Stagger Resist.
    Courage (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Servant of Wrath":
        Inflict 3 'Erosion' to all enemies. Inflict 3 'Erosion' to 'Companion'.
    Courage (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Servant of Wrath":
        Inflict 3 'Erosion' to all enemies.
    Magical Girls (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Jester of Nihil":
        This page is only effective if the librarian possesses all four of the following Abnormality pages: 'Happiness', 'Love', 'Justice', and 'Courage'.
        Four unique 'Four Magical Girls' pages are shuffled into the deck.
        (On play, Synchronize with respective Magical Girl. At most once per 4 Scene for each magical girls.)
    Magical Girls (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Jester of Nihil":
        After losing 20 clashes, gain 5 Protection each Scene, and become immune to status ailments for the rest of the reception.
        Also, when hit, inflict 1 Erosion and Fragile next Scene to the attacker. (Twice per Scene)
    Void, Breakdown, Level 3, From "The Jester of Nihil":
        At the start of each Scene, clear all euqiped abnormality cards.
        Whenever an abnormality cards is cleared, apply new random accessible abnormality cards to self.
    Nix (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 3, From "The Jester of Nihil":
        This page is only effective if the librarian possesses all four of the following Abnormality pages: 'Greed', 'Hate', 'Despair', and 'Wrath'.
        At the start of the Scene, inflict 5 Feeble, Disarm, and Bind to all other characters. 
        'Greed', 'Hate', and 'Wrath' lose their drawbacks.
    Nix (Guest), Breakdown, Level 3, From "The Jester of Nihil":
        Inflict 2 Feeble, Disarm, Bind to all enemies. For each affected enemy, gain 1 Feeble, Disarm, Bind.

Geburah:
    Prey, Awakening, Level 1, From "Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary":
        If no marked enemy, mark the first enemy that is attacked by this guest after the page is selected.
        Deal 2-6 additional damage when attacking the marked foe.
    Vengeance (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary":
        At the start of the Scene, gain Strength based on the amount of damage taken the previous Scene. 
        (1 Strength per 5 damage, up to 4)
    Vengeance (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary":
        At the start of the Scene, gain Strength based on the amount of damage taken in the previous Scene. 
        (1 Strength per 10% of Max HP damage, up to 4)
    Crimson Scar, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Little Red Riding Hooded Mercenary":
        Set Max HP equal to current HP.
        At the start of each Scene gain 1 strength per 15% of Max HP for reduced Max HP consequently.
    Claws of Savagery (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Big and Will be Bad Wolf":
        After the librarian sustains damage greater than 25% of their Max HP, become untargetable and unclashable next Scene.
        The librarian gains 2 Strength that Scene, and inflicts 1 Bleed with each successful attack.
    Claws of Savagery (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Big and Will be Bad Wolf":
        After the guest sustains damage greater than 25% of their Max HP in one Scene, become untargetable and unclashable next Scene.
        The guest gains 2 Strength that Scene, and inflicts 1 Bleed with each successful attack.
    Instincts, Awakening, Level 2, From "Big and Will be Bad Wolf":
        Each time the selected guest wins a clash, the last die on their current page gains 1-2 Power and recover 3-7 if that final die perform a successful hit.
    The Role of the Wolf (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Big and Will be Bad Wolf":
        Counter dice gain 1-2 Power.
        Counter dice inflict 2 Fragile upon winning a clash. (3 times per Scene)
    The Role of the Wolf (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Big and Will be Bad Wolf":
        Gain 2 3-7 Slash Counter dices.
    Absorption, Awakening, Level 2, From "Mountain of Smiling Bodies":
        Whenever other character die, heal 20% of Max HP and 20% of Max Stagger Resist, Recover 1 light.
    Laughter, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Mountain of Smiling Bodies":
        Whenever other ally die, shuffle 3 card from that ally into deck.
    Mountain of Corpses, Breakdown, Level 2, rom "Mountain of Smiling Bodies":
        For each 10% of Max HP healed, gain 1 Mountain. 
        (All dice gain 1 Power per stack; increase incoming damage by 25% per stack)
        For each 10% of Max HP damage taken, lose 1 Mountain.
    Fear of Water, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Nosferatu":
        Deal 3-7 additional damage with attacks, and inflict 2 Bleed on hit.
        (Can not control If Librarian) and prioritize the enemy with the most HP.
    Wine, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Nosferatu":
        Upon defeating an enemy, all allies recover 10 HP, and the selected guest gains 2 Strength while other allies gain 2 Feeble next Scene.
    Vampirism, Awakening, Level 1, From "Nosferatu":
        Deal +2-4 damage and recover 2-5 HP upon attacking a target with Bleed.
    Goodbye, Awakening, Level 3, From "Nothing There":
        Double the Power of the last die the librarian/guest plays each Scene.
    Hello?, Awakening, Level 3, From "Nothing There":
        Each Scene, the first die the librarian plays recovers HP equal to the amount of damage it dealt.
    Shell, Awakening, Level 3, From "Nothing There":
        Nullify Stagger damage.

Chesed:
    Torn Off Wisdom, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Scarecrow Searching for Wisdom":
        Remove 3 random cards from the deck.
        Upon hit, Shuffle 1 copy of random card from enemy's deck by 25% chance.
    Gleaning, Awakening, Level 1, From "Scarecrow Searching for Wisdom":
        After attacking an enemy with a higher amount of Stagger Resist, deal 2-4 bonus Stagger damage, and recover 2-5 Stagger Resist.
    Rake (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Scarecrow Searching for Wisdom":
        After Staggering an enemy, copy two pages owned by that enemy and add them to the librarian's hand with 2 less Cost.
        The copied pages are exhausted on use.
        (Can only copy Melee pages while equipping a Melee-only Key page, and vice versa; no effect against characters with 'Shimmering')
    Rake (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Scarecrow Searching for Wisdom":
        Upon hit add 1 die from an enemy's random card in hand to the dice queue. (Once per Page)
    A Warm Heart, Awakening, Level 2, From "Warm-hearted Woodsman":
        At the start of the Scene, boost the Power of Offensive dice by +1-2 for the Scene if the librarian has 3 or more Light.
    Timber, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Warm-hearted Woodsman":
        Upon successful hit, recover 1 Light.
        At the start of each Scene, if the selected Librarian/Guest doesn't have maximun light, inflict 2 Feeble and Disarm to self.
    Cardiae, Awakening, Level 1, From "Warm-hearted Woodsman":
        After dealing 15 or more damage to enemies in a single Scene, reduce the Cost of the two most expensive pages in hand by 1.
        On kill, reduce the Cost to 0 instead.
        The Cost reduction is reset when the pages are used.
    Courage, Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Road Home":
        At the start of the Scene, gain Strength and Protection equal to the number of allies currently alive subtracted by 2. 
        (If the value is less than 0, Feeble and Fragile will be inflicted instead.)
    Home (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Road Home":
        At the start of the Scene, numbered targets are placed on up to three enemies.
        Each time a target is attacked in the correct order, increase dice Power by 1 and outgoing damage by 2 for the Scene.
    Home (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Road Home":
        At the start of the Scene, numbered targets are placed on up to three enemies.
        The guest will attack in the correct order. Increase outgoing damage by 2 for the Scene.
    A Road Walked Together (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Road Home":
        If athe character redirects an attack that was initially targeting other allies, dice on the character's page gain 1-2 Power in the clash.
    A Road Walked Together (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "The Road Home":
        If librarians failed to redirect the selected guest's attack, all dice on the guest's page gain 1-2 Power.
    Power of the Past, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Ozma":
        Increase the Cost of Combat pages by 1.
        All dice gain 3-4 Power.
    Oblivion (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Ozma":
        Remain Oblivion for next 3 Scene. (UnActionable, untargetable, regared as dead if none of other allies present.)
        Afterwards, draw 4 cards at the start of each Scene.
    Oblivion (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Ozma":
        Immobilized for next Scene; cannot be targeted for the next Scene. 
        At the end of next Scene, recover 40% of Max. HP (up to 48) and fully restore Light.
    Powder of Life, Breakdown, Level 3, From "Ozma":
        When the Librarian/Guest takes lethal damage, nullify it and recover 100% of Max. HP and Stagger Resist, lose all Lights. 
        Can only activate once per reception.
    Emerald (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Adult who Tells Lies":
        Add an 'Emerald' page to hand: 
        ‘Cost 5 - [On Play;] [Target Enemy] Cancel 2 random Combat Pages on the target's Speed dice. Recover 1 Light for each successful hit on the target this Scene (Up to 2)’.
        The page is also included in the deck at the start of subsequent Acts.
    Emerald (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Adult who Tells Lies":
        Atfer selecting, spend 3 Lights in the next Scene and at Combat Start, Destroy 2 pages from librarians.
        Atfer 5 Scene, the effect will be triggered again if the Guest has sufficient Lights.
    False Present (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Adult who Tells Lies":
        Add 0-Cost false present pages that activate on play to the E.G.O pages list: 
        'Liquid Courage', 'Silk Sack of Sawdust', 'Heart of Lead', 'Home that Cannot Be Reached', and 'Transformation'.
        The false present pages are also added to the E.G.O page list at the start of subsequent Acts.
    False Present (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Adult who Tells Lies":
        Guest will gain one of 'Liquid Courage', 'Silk Sack of Sawdust', 'Heart of Lead', 'Home that Cannot Be Reached', and 'Transformation' without repeatition.
    Magic Trick (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Adult who Tells Lies":
        Add a 'Magic Trick' page to hand: 
        ‘Cost 4 - [On Play] Reduce the Cost of all pages in hand to 0. When used, their Cost is reset to the value before this effect was applied.’
        The page is also included in the deck at the start of subsequent Acts.
    Magic Trick (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "The Adult who Tells Lies":
        Atfer selecting, spend 4 Lights in the next Scene and at Combat Start, Reduce the Cost of all pages in hand to 0. When used, their Cost is reset to the value before this effect was applied.
        Atfer 4 Scene, the effect will be triggered again if the Guest has sufficient Lights.

Binah:
    Watchful Eyes, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Big Bird":
        Fully restore the selected guest's Light.
        Each Scene, a random ally gains no Light while the selected librarian/guset restores 1 additional Light.
    Eternally Lit Lamp (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Big Bird":
        Any enemy this librarian targets will be forced to target the librarian back, regardless of Speed.
    Eternally Lit Lamp (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Big Bird":
        At the start of each Scene, Enchant a random enemy.
        The Enchanted enemy can only attack the selected guest for thr duration of the Scene.
    Salvation, Awakening, Level 2, From "Big Bird":
        All dice gain +1 Power against enemies with higher Speed.
        If target's HP is at 25% or lower, destroy all of their dice upon winning a clash.
    Punishment (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Punishing Bird":
        After taking damage, the first die of page the guest uses next Scene gains 1-3 Power.
    Punishment (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Punishing Bird":
        After taking damage greater than 2% of Max HP, the first die of page the guest uses next Scene gains 1-3 Power.
    Punishing Beak, Awakening, Level 2, From "Punishing Bird":
        On Parry reduce enemy's dices' Power by 1.
        If havn't taken damage for 1 Scene, increase outgoing damage and Stagger damage next Scene by 2+4.
    Small Flutters, Awakening, Level 1, From "Punishing Bird":
        On attack enemy who has inflicted damage this Scene inflict 2-5 damage to that enemy.
    The Weight of Sin, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Judgement Bird":
        At the start of the Scene, all characters gain 1 Sin at a 50% chance.
        If a character has 4+ Sin, they take damage equal to 10% of their Max. HP at the start of the Scene, and all Sin is removed from them.
        Sin can be transferred to another character by attacking and damaging them. (Once per page)
    Tilted Scale, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Judgement Bird":
        Increase the maximun value vof dice by 5.
        Reduce the minimun value of dice by 3.
    Judgement, Awakening, Level 2, From "Judgement Bird":
        At the Start of each Scene, Mark the enemy with most damage infliced last Scene as 'The Guilty'.
        Upon first successful hit on 'The Guilty' inflict damage equal to 15% of Max HP of 'The Guilty' each Scene.
    Big Eyes (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        Reduce Max Stagger Resist by 50%.
        Every time being targeted in one-side attack, gain Slash 4-10 counter die.
    Big Eyes (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        At the Start of each Scene, reduce one random enemy's power bonus by half for the duratio of this Scene.
    Small Beak (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        Reduce Max HP by 50%.
        Against Offensive dice, all dice gain 1-3 Power.
    Small Beak (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        At the Start of each Scene, increase cost of 2 random cards from an enemy's hand by 1.
    Long Arms (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        Reduce outgoing damage and Stagger Damage by 50%.
        Upon successful hit, inflict 10% of enemy's Max HP (Max. 10).
    Long Arms (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        Immune to status ailments.
    The Beast (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 3, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        On select, Destroy all other Abnormality cards from all librarians.
        At the end of each Scene, gain one of 3 Apocalypse Bird Power in turn.
        (“Wing that Covered Sky”, “Claw that Commit Execution”, “Eye that Relay Judgment”)
    The Beast (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        On Select, gain the effect of 'Big Eyes','Small Beak', 'Long Arms', Shuffle 0 cost copy of Lamp，Justitia, Beak in deck.
        Destory all 'Big Eyes','Small Beak','Long Arms' that are applied. 
        Apply new random abnormality cards with euqivilant Level for any cards destroyed in this way.
    Guardians of the Forest (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        All librarians gain 2 Haste at the start of each Scene for the duration of the reception.
        If all five librarians each have an Abnormality page, gain 2 Strength and Endurance in addition.
    Guardians of the Forest (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        Gain 2 Haste at the start of each Scene for the duration of the reception.
        If all five guest reached Emotion Level 5, gain 2 Strength and Endurance in addition.
    Peace (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        Activates when the selected librarian possesses all of the following Abnormality pages: 'Big Eyes', 'Small Beak', 'Long Arms'.
        The librarian will wield the 'Twilight'. All Offensive Dices will deal Slash, Pierce, Blunt damage at the same time.
    Peace (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "Apocalypse Bird":
        When there is no 'Intruder' present, the first enemy the selected guest attacks is marked as an 'Intruder'.
        All of the Intruder's attacks deal 2-4 less physical and Stagger damage; also, the Intruder takes 2-4 bonus damage from attacks.

Hokma:
    Lean, Bloody Wings, Awakening, Level 1, From "Burrowing Heaven":
        On a deflect, deal half of the Block dice roll as physical damage to the opponent.
    Gaze of Others, Breakdownm Level 1, From "Burrowing Heaven":
        Upon start of clash between other characters, deal 1-8 damage and Stagger damage to each other.
        The effect no longer trigger after the selected guest dies.
    Attention and Focus, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Burrowing Heaven":
        Deal and take twice as much Stagger damage on a deflect.
    Time (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "The Price of Silence":
        If the player spend less than 30 seconds selecting Combat pages before the combat phase begins, boost the Power of all dice by 1-2 for the duration of this Scene.
        Otherwise, all librarians take damage equal to 15% of Max HP.
    Time (Guset), Awakening, Level 1, From "The Price of Silence":
        If the player spend more than 30 seconds selecting Combat pages before the combat phase begins, boost the Power of all dice by 1-2 for the duration of this Scene.
    The Thirteenth Toll, Awakening, Level 1, From "The Price of Silence":
        Every 13th Combat page the librarian plays gains 1-2 Power. 
        The dice on the page also gain the following effect: 
        ‘[On Hit] Deal bonus damage equal to (Dice value)% of target's Max HP’.
    Silence (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Price of Silence":
        Add a copy of 2 cost 'Silence' into hand. Add the copy across Acts.
        ([On Play] Inflict Stun to target and self for the duration of the Scene.)
    Silence (Guset), Breakdown, Level 2, From "The Price of Silence":
        Inflict Stun to random enemy and self next Scene.
        The effect will trigger agian at the start of new Act.
    Martyr, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Blue Star":
        Upon dealing damage, lose 2-4 HP.
        For every 9% of Max HP lost increase outgoing Stagger damage by 10% (Up to 100%).
    Penance, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Blue Star":
        If any character is Staggered at the start of the Scene, the selected librarian/guest take 3-7 damage, and all allies gain 1 Strength for the Scene. 
        (Multiple Staggered characters do not give more Strength)
    A Nostalgic Sound, Awakening, Level 2, From "Blue Star":
        Deal 2-4 additional Stagger damage for this Scene. The effect of this page activates every 3 Scenes afterwards.
    Baptism (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "WhiteNight":
        Add a 'Baptism' page to hand: 
        ‘Cost 2 - [On Play;] [Return to Hand] Target recovers 6 HP and gains 1 Endurance this Scene (Once per Scene)’.
    Baptism (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "WhiteNight":
        At the start of each Scene, play 'Baptism' to 2 random allies.
        ([Combat Start] target gain 1 Endurance for this Scene and recover 6 HP.)
    Advent (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "WhiteNight":
        For the duration of the reception, restore 1 additional Light at the start of the Scene.
        If the selected librarian also has the Abnormality page 'Baptism', its effect is enhanced: ‘Target recovers 12 HP and gains 2 Endurance this Scene’.
    Advent (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "WhiteNight":
        For the duration of the reception, restore 1 additional Light at the start of the Scene.
        Enhance 'Baptism' to be "[Combat Start] target gain 2 Endurance for this Scene and recover 12 HP."
    Confession, Awakening, Level 2, From "WhiteNight":
        Fully recover Stagger Resist, and purge all status ailments. (Applies if staggered)
        For the duration of the reception, take 2 less Stagger damage from attacks.
    Sentinel (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "WhiteNight":
        As long as there are other allies whom can be targeted, the selected librarian will not be targeted for attacks.
        If this character is alive at the end of the reception, resolve an additional book for every guest defeated.
    Sentinel (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "WhiteNight":
        As long as there are other allies whom can be targeted, the selected guest will not be targeted for attacks.
    Divine Power (Librarian), Awakening, Level 3, From "WhiteNight":
        While this character is alive, all other allies absorb instances of 2 or less damage.
        If this character has used WhiteNight's E.G.O page, allies absorb instances of 5 or less damage instead.
    Divine Power (Guest), Awakening, Level 3, From "WhiteNight":
        While this character is alive, all other allies absorb instances of 3 or less damage.
    Apostles, Awakening, Level 3, From "WhiteNight":
        While this character is alive, all other allies deal 2-7 additional damage with attacks.
        If the character has used 'Baptism' 12 or more times this reception, allies also gain +1 Power.

Keter:
    Blood, Breakdown, Level 2, From "Bloodbath":
        Defensive dice gain 1-3 Power. Receive 2-4 additional Stagger damage when hit.
        At Combat start gain all unused retained Defensive Dices from last Scene.
    Scars (Librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Bloodbath":
        Take 2-4 less damage from attack types recerived most in last Scene.
        When hit, reduce the damage of the attack to 0 at a 20% chance.
    Scars (Guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Bloodbath":
        Take 2-4 less damage from attack types recerived most in last Scene.
    Pale Hands (librarian), Awakening, Level 1, From "Bloodbath":
        After three successful attacks on the same target, deal 3-10 bonus Stagger damage.
        (Resets upon attacking a different target)
    Pale Hands (guest), Awakening, Level 1, From "Bloodbath":
        After three successful attacks on the same target, deal 3-12 additional Stagger damage.
        (Resets upon attacking a different target)
    Pulsation (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Heart of Aspiration":
        Gain 1 Strength at the start of each Scene. If have been not staggered for 2 Scene, Gain 2 Strength instead.
        At the end of each Scene, if the librarian did not deal any damage with Offensive dice, lose 25% of the Max Stagger Resist.
    Pulsation (Guest), Breakdown, Level 1, From "Heart of Aspiration":
        Gain 2 Strength at the start of the Scene
        At the end of each Scene, if did not deal any damage with Offensive dice, lose 25% of the Max Stagger Resist.
    Urging, Awakening, Level 1, From "Heart of Aspiration":
        Increase Max HP by 15%. (Current HP increases accordingly)
        ain 1-2 Speed.
    Fervent Beats (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Heart of Aspiration":
        The selected librarian dies at the end of the third Scene after this page was chosen.
        Gain 4 Strength, Endurance, Haste, and Protection each Scene until death. All Stagger damage resistances change to "Immune".
    Fervent Beats (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Heart of Aspiration":
        Gain 4 Strength, Endurance, Haste, and Protection next Scene.
        At the end of next Scene, gain Exhausted. 
        (Cannot act, increase damage and Stagger Damage taken by 2 for the duration of the Scene) next Scene.
    Learning (Librarian), Awakening, Level 2, From "Pinocchio":
        Add a 'Learn' page to hand: ‘Cost 2 - [Start of Clash] Replace all dice with ones on the opponent's page.’
        The page is also included in the deck at the start of subsequent Acts.
    Learning (Guest), Awakening, Level 2, From "Pinocchio":
        On draw card at the start of the Scene, add a random card Libirarian used last Scene to hand. (Except On Play card)
    Lies, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Pinocchio":
        At the start of the Scene, randomize the Costs of all pages whose original Cost is 3 or less.
    Curiosity, Breakdown, Level 1, From "Pinocchio":
        On Draw card at the start of the Scene, shuffle all pages into the draw pile and draw 4 pages.
    Sword of Frost, Awakening, Level 2, From "The Snow Queen":
        Upon winning a clash, inflict 1-3 Bind to the opponent at a 50% chance.
        Deal 2-4 additional damage and Stagger damage against targets with Bind.
    A Kiss, Awakening, Level 3, From "The Snow Queen":
        After winning 2 or more clashes with a single Combat page, inflict Ice Splinter to the opponent.
        At the end of each Scene, characters with 3 or more Ice Splinters become immobilized for the next Scene.
    Blizzard (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 3, From "The Snow Queen":
        All characters except the selected librarian become Immobilized for this Scene.
        Next Scene, all enemies are inflicted with 6 Bind.
    Blizzard (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 3, From "The Snow Queen":
        All characters except the selected Guest become Immobilized for this Scene.
    Hammer and Nail, Awakening, Level 2, From "Silent Girl":
        Upon a successful Pierce attack, inflict 1 'Nail' to the target.
        If a character with 'Nails' is hit by a Blunt attack, they take bonus damage equal to five times the amount of Nails in them, then all stacks of Nails are removed.
    Leer, Breakdown, Level 3, From "Silent Girl":
        Deal and take twice as much physical damage.
    Guilt (Librarian), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Silent Girl":
        Reduce incoming Stagger damage by 1-3.
        When hit, the attacker takes Stagger damage equal to the physical damage this character received.
    Guilt (Guest), Breakdown, Level 2, From "Silent Girl":
        Reduce incoming Stagger damage by 1-3.
        Reduce incoming damage by 1/5 amount of attacker's damage at one Scene.


    